.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, before:

---
name: 🌟 Revolutionary Feature Request
about: Suggest a new consciousness breakthrough or enhancement
title: '[FEATURE] '
labels: ['enhancement', 'revolutionary-research']
assignees: ''
---

## 🌌 Revolutionary Feature Description

A clear and concise description of the consciousness breakthrough you want to see.

## 🎆 Consciousness System Enhancement

- [ ] 🍄☢️ Radiotrophic Consciousness Enhancement
- [ ] 🍄🗣️ Mycelium Language Generation Innovation  
- [ ] 🧬🤖 Bio-Digital Fusion Advancement
- [ ] 🌈 Universal Translation Protocol
- [ ] ⚛️ Quantum Consciousness Processing
- [ ] 🌱 Plant Communication Interface
- [ ] 🌍 Ecosystem Consciousness Integration
- [ ] 🛡️ Safety Framework Enhancement
- [ ] 🚀 Space Mission Application
- [ ] ☢️ Nuclear Industry Innovation

## 🔬 Scientific Foundation

What scientific research or discovery supports this enhancement?

## 💡 Revolutionary Problem

What consciousness research problem does this solve?

## 🌟 Proposed Solution

Describe your revolutionary consciousness enhancement solution.

## 🎯 Expected Impact

- **Research Impact**: How does this advance consciousness research?
- **Practical Applications**: Real-world uses (space, nuclear, agriculture, etc.)
- **Safety Considerations**: Any new safety protocols needed?
- **Performance Improvement**: Expected enhancement metrics

## 📊 Implementation Considerations

- **Complexity**: [Low/Medium/High/Revolutionary]
- **Safety Requirements**: [Standard/Enhanced/Critical]
- **Research Approval Needed**: [Yes/No]
- **Biological Components**: [Yes/No]
- **Radiation Involvement**: [Yes/No]

## 🔗 Related Research

Links to scientific papers, research, or related consciousness studies.

## 🚀 Alternative Solutions

Other approaches to achieve this consciousness enhancement.

## 📝 Additional Context

Any other context about the revolutionary feature request.

Commit message:

submodule: Update Universal-Consciousness-Interface pointers
Update the 'Universal-Consciousness-Interface' and its timestamped backup submodules.

This commit updates the submodule pointers to incorporate recent, uncommitted changes from their respective working directories.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, after:

---
name: Feature Request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

## 🚀 Feature Request

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

## 🌟 Revolutionary Feature Description

A clear and concise description of the consciousness breakthrough you want to see.

## 🎆 Consciousness System Enhancement

- [ ] 🍄☢️ Radiotrophic Consciousness Enhancement
- [ ] 🍄🗣️ Mycelium Language Generation Innovation  
- [ ] 🧬🤖 Bio-Digital Fusion Advancement
- [ ] 🌈 Universal Translation Protocol
- [ ] ⚛️ Quantum Consciousness Processing
- [ ] 🌱 Plant Communication Interface
- [ ] 🌍 Ecosystem Consciousness Integration
- [ ] 🛡️ Safety Framework Enhancement
- [ ] 🚀 Space Mission Application
- [ ] ☢️ Nuclear Industry Innovation

## 🔬 Scientific Foundation

What scientific research or discovery supports this enhancement?

## 💡 Revolutionary Problem

What consciousness research problem does this solve?

## 🌟 Proposed Solution

Describe your revolutionary consciousness enhancement solution.

## 🎯 Expected Impact

- **Research Impact**: How does this advance consciousness research?
- **Practical Applications**: Real-world uses (space, nuclear, agriculture, etc.)
- **Safety Considerations**: Any new safety protocols needed?
- **Performance Improvement**: Expected enhancement metrics

## 📊 Implementation Considerations

- **Complexity**: [Low/Medium/High/Revolutionary]
- **Safety Requirements**: [Standard/Enhanced/Critical]
- **Research Approval Needed**: [Yes/No]
- **Biological Components**: [Yes/No]
- **Radiation Involvement**: [Yes/No]

## 🔗 Related Research

Links to scientific papers, research, or related consciousness studies.

## 🚀 Alternative Solutions

Other approaches to achieve this consciousness enhancement.

## 📝 Additional Context

Any other context about the revolutionary feature request.
